 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.
A lie is just a great story that someone ruined with the truth.
It's going to be legen...wait for it...and I hope you're not lactose-intolerant cause the second half of that word is...dairy
Suit up
A Bro is always entitled to do something stupid, as long as the rest of his Bros are all doing it
Believe it or not, I was not always as awesome as I am today
When wearing a baseball cap, a Bro may position the brim at either 12 or 6 o’clock. All other angles are reserved for rappers and the handicapped
Ted, I believe you and I met for a reason. It's like the universe was saying, "Hey Barney, there's this dude, he's pretty cool, but it is your job to make him awesome
When pulling up to a stoplight, a Bro lowers his window so that all might enjoy his music selection
Dude.. where's your suit? Just once, when I say "suit up" I wish you'd put on a suit
True Story
A Bro is required to go out with his Bros on St. Patty’s Day and other official Bro holidays, including Halloween, New Year’s Eve, and Desperation Day (February 13)
A Bro never cries.   EXCEPTIONS: Watching Field of Dreams, E.T., or a sports legend retire.
A Bro always calls another Bro by his last name. EXCEPTION: If a Bro’s last name is also a racial epithet
If a Bro buys a new car, he is required to pop the hood when showing it off to his Bros. COROLLARY: His Bros are required to whistle, even if they have no idea what they’re whistling at.
If a Bro learns another Bro has been in a traffic accident, he must first ask what type of car he collided with and whether it got totaled before asking if his Bro is okay.
When I let a day go by without talking you..... That day is just no good.
Don’t say you’re gonna kill someone in front of airport security.
The girl from last night, I took her back to my place, then this morning spun her around a couple of times and sent her walking. She’ll never find her way back and there she is
There are only two reasons to date a girl you’ve already dated. Breast. Implants
One of the twenty-four similarities between girls and fish is that they’re both attracted to shiny objects. You really never read my blog, do you?
Oh, Ted, no. Do not tell me you’re going to start searching for ‘The One’ again. The only time I want to hear you saying ‘The One’ is if it’s followed by the word ‘hundredth.'
“Unfair? I would not let you take care of the imaginary kids I make up to score with single moms
I've been dreaming of that since I was five. Well, that and my own operational Death Star.
Whatever you do in this life, it's not legendary, unless your friends are there to see it.
Your challenge is accepted Lil, there is no girl too pretty for me.
Your story is so sweet. You didn't even kiss 'til the third date. By our third date, I hit more bases than Bob Hope on a USO tour.
The Bro Code has been around for centuries. Nay... whatever's more than centuries.
I've got you, I don't have to wait for it anymore.